BlackJack


1) i want to as a player, play against the dealer.

2) i want to draw 2 random cards for myself - both face up for all to see
3) i want to draw 2 random cards for the dealer.  One will be visible to me, the other face down
4) I want to chose first whether to stick or twist.
	This will result in two outcomes:
		4a) Once I have decided to stick it is the dealers turn to decide whether to stick or twist.  Go to point 5.
		4b) I've gone bust, in which case, the hand is over, and I lose.

5) I want the dealer to determine whether to stick or twist. they will need to try and beat my card.
Once it is the dealers turn, they will turn over the face down card before making a choice.





betting
	if you win, you get the equal amount back (if you bet $50, you get an additional $50 back.)
	if you push, and get the same as the dealer, you don't win or lost
	if you get blackjack (an ace and any picture card) you win immediately (assuming the dealer doesn't have one also), and you're paid 150% of your bet.

pushing
	you can push once the hands are dealt if you scored the same as the dealer.  no money changes hands, and it's on to the next hand

hit
stand
split
	if you are dealt two of the same card (2x 8's or 2x 2's or 2x Kings).  You can chose to split. You need to add a bet of the same value.  you then are essentially playing multiple hands at once where you can stick or twist on each hand.
	NB: You can only split once, so if you had 2x 8's and got another - you can't split again.
double down
	only available on your first two cards if value is nine, 10 or 11.  need to place a bet of equal amount.  dealer will give you one card (sideways). and no more changes to that hand
Insurance - not for day 1.
	Can be bought if the dealer face up card is an ace.  to guard against their blackjack. If they do, you'll have your chance to add in 50% of your bet to the insurance line on the table.  So if they do have a blackjack



Reference:
for the dealer to work out the best strategy:
https://www.blackjackapprenticeship.com/blackjack-strategy-charts/